[MT/MWAN] Corrected mtu and mss size for CNI (#16071)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-transit/network-interconnect.md

With Classic CNI you need to [set up an onboarding process](/network-interconnect/classic-cni/) with Cloudflare. There is no self-serving option through the dashboard.

With Classic CNI, you can create:

> - **GRE tunnels over CNI**: For ingress and egress traffic. To accommodate overhead from additional headers, you will need to set the MTU size of your GRE tunnel interface to 1476 bytes and your MSS clamp to be 1436 bytes. These are used to backhaul data from the data center where traffic is ingested — close to the end user — to the facility with the CNI link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GRE tunnels over CNI**: For ingress and egress traffic. To accommodate overhead from additional headers, you will need to set the MTU size of your GRE tunnel interface to 1,476 bytes and your MSS clamp to be 1,436 bytes. These are used to backhaul data from the data center where traffic is ingested — close to the end user — to the facility with the CNI link.
```
